-: Welcome back.
So in this lecture we are going to create
the Kubernetes objects and then test it.
And then also, go ahead and then clean up the stuff.
So as usual, now we are going to create the stuff, okay.
So in 0502 you can see you have the 'Cube manifest' folder.
And then inside that you have all the files
with 00 namespace, 'Limit range' added now, okay.
(mouse clicks)
So let's come back and be in 0502.
050502.
And I will say
(typing)
'Q-CTL', 'Apply Hyphen F' 'Q manifest', Okay.
So now you really don't need to
view 'Hyphen N', 'DEV-3' of something.
Why? Because 'Hyphen N', 'DEV-3' is not needed
because we have coded our namespace information
in all the templates.
Okay, so I'll say 'Apply'.
So it should create the namespace
and then it should create the limit range and then it
it created the 'Storage class', 'Persistent volume claim',
'Config map', 'Deployment services' and
'User Management Microservice deployment'
and then it's equal in service
and also the secrets required for those things.
Okay, so now let's go ahead and then verify the stuff.
Okay, so 'Cube CTL', 'Get ports', 'Hyphen N', DEV-3'
which is nothing but in 'DEV-3'
and then keep watching it, okay?
Till those things are completed.
So now my scale is up and running, right?
So which means my scale port is done.
And then finally initialization means
like that it verifies for the MYA scale is a partner
that container has run and then completed.
And then 'User Management Microservice' also got created.
Okay, so finally my scale is run ready
and then 'User Management' is also running
and then it is waiting for its liveness,
And then readiness probe checks are going to happen
for 60 seconds. It is going to wait, right?
So there it is waiting currently.
We can see here after 90 seconds
when the 'User Management Microservices' open, running here.
Okay, so now let me say 'Control-C', 'Clear',
'Q-CTL', 'Get port's
'Hyphen N', 'DEV-3' directly.
And all should be running now, okay.
My scale is running and then User Management is running,
no restarts, everything worked as expected.
So now we need to go ahead and then view the
YAML output of these things, okay.
So for that you are going to say 'Cube CTL',
'Get port' and the pod name and then 'Hyphen 0' YAML
and then 'Hyphen N', 'DEV-3' namespace.
Okay, so let's go ahead and do that
'Q-CTL',
(typing)
'Get port's', okay?
And then 'Get port', okay.
And provide that port name
which is nothing but My SQL, right?
And 'Hyphen 0', 'YAML'.
And where this part is located is L3.
So now you'll get that YAML output of it.
So now we are getting the, we got My SQL.
YAML output, okay, so let's go up, go up, go up.
So now you can see for the MYA scale also
you have the resources defined by default
for this MYA scale container.
So in each spec you can see this is the MYA scale container
right? So, so all this in namespace 'DEV-3'
you can see resource information
for that is also added in the container spec definition.
Okay, so in the container, this is the spec
and then containers you have the environment,
you have the image, image pool policy,
name of your container, 'My SQL'
and the ports you have and resources section
automatically added whenever you added the limit range.
So which means you have two containers inside that.
You have verified for My SQL.
You can also verify the same thing for other things.
Okay? So, 'Group CTL', 'Get port's' 'Minus N', 'DEV-3"
and 'Cube CTL', 'Get pod'.
And then the board name is this one.
(mouse clicking)
And I'm going to say 'Hyphen O'
and then I need that YAML output.
And it is present namespace 'DEV-3', right?
So now again go up, go up, go up, up, up, up, up.
See, now if you see here.
So this is the image, okay, so where is it?
Okay, so you can see the resources section
for initiation DB also it has added these things.
Okay, so now let's come down
and also verify for our other container too, Okay.
So it has terminated
and whereabout what 'User Management' container.
Okay, so it is the 'User Management' container.
See we said it is per container.
So in this we are going to run two containers, right?
So one use initialization container which will wait
for our respective DB2 up.
And for that it associated the resources
which is nothing but the in DB container.
And also for the 'User Management' container.
This is the 'User Management' container.
And you can see 'Health status' and all this stuff.
See this is the name of the User Management
'Rest stop' container.
And further down also you can see resources are associated.
So this tells that whenever we associate the limit range
for the namespace, all the containers present
inside that namespace are going to get that default limits
whatever we have defined here.
So these are the limits we have defined and all those things
are going to get for our all the containers present
inside that namespace.
So let's also see little bit about this.
Limits means like 'get' and then describe the limits.
Okay, so let me clear this.
'Q-CTL', 'Get limits', 'Hyphen N', 'DEV-3'.
So we have the limit, this is the limit name.
So let's describe this limit, 'Q-CTL', describe limit
and the limit name.
Okay, so this is the limit name.
Let me past it here and 'Hyphen N', 'DEV-3'.
So let's see what it is, okay.
What happened? "Doesn't have a resource type limit."
So it should be 'limits', right?
So slight mistake I have done here, it should be 'Limits'.
Okay.
So now you can see here the container CPU
and then container memory, right?
So default is 300 M and then 256 M.
And default limit also whatever is there
for this limit it is trying to show here.
So whatever we have defined, the spec we are seeing
in a visual manner, whatever we have defined it.
So in addition to that, now if you want to test it.
So we can access 'Cube CTL',
okay, 'Get SVC'
which is nothing but services in my iPhone and 'DEV-3'
which is nothing but in 'DEV-3' namespace.
So three, triple zero, two is my port, okay?
So I need to go here and then update the portals.
Three, triple zero, two and slash, okay.
(typing)
And then if I say 'Enter', ideally, it should come up.
Okay, so it's coming up okay,
with three triple zero two, it is coming.
If you want we can even take the new tab
and then paste it and then we'll get the response.
Okay, so refreshed it and then we are getting it.
Okay, so now we have even tested it, right?
So now for cleanup, as usual
if you want to delete your namespace
you can delete it and then, delete storage class R.
If you want you can delete via manifest.
Okay, I'll say 'Q-CTL', 'Delete', 'Hyphen FQ' manifest
with single command it will be done.
So my namespace is deleted limit range.
All the objects, whatever is present here
are going to get deleted.
So in our next lecture we'll focus
on the resource quota concept.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.